Jest narrative and checkpoints (#3)
ben-spector-cc/intermediate-react-jest: lesson/outline/outline-template.md

2. Will explain testing and talk about the three different types
    - Unit tests 
    - Integration tests 
    - End-to-End tests
3. Will define jest and some of its advantages 

### What would you like to have in the workspace for this exercise? Share your plan below.

#### Workplace Theme:
- This lesson will be taught while testing out the functionalities of a single pre-developed application 
#### Required Assets:
- An infographic of unit test, integration tests, and end-to-end tests
#### Components necessary:
- I.E. text editor and output terminal

<hr>

## Exercise # 2: Setting up Jest

### Which course outcomes will be covered by this exercise?

1. Learners will be able to install Jest into a workplace and also configure jest with the ‘test’ script.

### Narrative Summary

1. Introduce the project that will be tested 
2. Outline the steps to set up the workplace and  install jest
3. Explain file labeling and structure to best use jest 
4. Write test script

### Checkpoints Summary

> 1. Initialize npm, creating a package.json file

Reviewer: If we're giving them a project already then `package.json` would be defined already. Can we skip this?

2. Explain the simplicity of using jest syntax with an example of taking a sentence to describe the desired test and translating it into jest syntax.
3. Demonstrate the different outcomes of the five selected matchers individually so, while encouraging the learner to visit documentation for the full list. 

### Checkpoints Summary

Using the previously created empty test function in the myproject.test.js file. 
1. Write simple unit tests with .toBe
2. Run test to verify
3. Write simple unit tests with .not
4. Run test to verify
5. Write simple unit tests with .toBeTruthy
6. Run test to verify
7. Write simple unit tests with .toBeDefined
8. Run test to verify
7. Write simple unit tests with .toContain
8. Run test to verify
 

#### What is the purpose of these checkpoints?

- The learner will write their first unit tests 

### What would you like to have in the workspace for this exercise? Share your plan below.

- I.E. text editor and output terminal

## Exercise # 5: Testing Async Code in jest: Part 1

### Which course outcomes will be covered by this exercise?

> 1. Learners will be able to understand and solve false positives in jest using `done()`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Learners will be able to test asynchronous code in jest using `done()`
```
